Resume

working on
IDE - visual studio
Framework - Asp dotnet (4.7) , Asp dotnet core(3.1)  and ASP dotnet WEB API ,
Working on Razor pages ,HTML , CSS , Javascript and Utilized AJAX for asynchronous functionalities..
Working on  SQL operation and developed SQL stored procedure , triggers on MS sql 2012
Working on Agile/Scrum flow of software development 
Working on Service-repository pattern for Webpage development.
Working on various parts of the development like Payment Integration with ACI Worldwide.
Working of Windows service to perform the Webhooks automatically on timer based and perform hidden operations.

1)Working in Visual studio 2019 on developing web pages in c#.



Working on Jquery datatable and Boostrap datatable for data list manipulation.
working with various plugins integration and package for various functional operations like Identity proof verifications, Bulk pdf download,
uploading the Sheet and Read and Write operations dynamically.

Working with CRUD operation with Sql as a database and ASP dot net as a server side on razor page.
working on session storage, Local Session storage and cache for Log-In and Log-out functionalities.
working on Adobe Acrobet for PDF Creation and Editing process.
working with Entity framework(EF) and Dapper for Database connection with the server side.
Implemenating Oops concept to improve code readability and reusability by defining a Java program efficiently.
Perform the Security testing with Burp suite (proxy).
Working with Hashing algorithm for handling Sessitive data's.

Having knowlwdge on,
Redis cache
Kafka-Distributed database structure
Cloudfare -DDOS attack
Burp suite - Intruder, Repeater
API - authorization and Authentication
Hashing algorithm - encrypted data for sensitive data'sensitive
Visual Code
Vue 2.0 and 3.0 - basic elements and functionalities.
Fresher handling, team coordinator ,Problem-solving ,Collaboration and Build relationships.
work based on quality based not on Time based.
Working on MVC pattern in web development
Working in LINQ for database connectivity 
Working in MVC architectural pattern in three tier architecture using EF and Linq for database connectivity.
M-model (logic tier or middle tier).
V-View (presantation layer- user interface and communication layer)
C-Controller (data tier, sometimes called database tier, data access tier or back-end , handle user inputs and redirection )
3 layer ( MVC ) architecture
3 tier ( web server, application server,database server )
Using GIT for development integrations.
Developing dynamic web page and implemented and creatively implemented design 
requirements using client side scripting language and technologies.
Performed client side and server-side validations in MVC razor using jquery and ajax.
Used Asp.Net MVC framework to support the use of dependency injection to inject objects into a class, instead of 
relying on the class to create the object itself.
Working in PostMan for API calling method.
Third-party software integration.
Veriff - Third-party Idnetity Verification tool
Opentelemetry - Instrumentation tool for application performance monitoring 
Using Prometheus and Jaeger for Intrumentation performance Visualization





